Travel to the Mine Base
A1: 5E 1 POW Be careful as one is on a rooftop.

Eliminate the Guards

Cocoon Battle

Infiltrate the Underground Base
A1: 6E 1 POW | A2: 6E 1 POW | A3: 4E Make sure to bring smoke grenades, quickly run down the stairs to your right, there are enemies receiving instructions from their commander quickly throw a smoke grenade into the middle of the group, jump over the railing and press circle to let go, run over and take them all out with CQC, this should net you CQC Six Shot if you haven't already got it. If you wait too long they will quickly disperse across the map.

Escape the Torture Chamber
A1: 6E

Head for Peace Walker's Hangar
A1: 5E | A2: 6E 1 POW 2 Enemies upstairs with the POW and 4 downstairs. | A3:6E 1 POW 2 Enemies upstairs with the POW and 4 downstairs.

Peace Walker Battle

Infiltrate the U.S. Missile Base
A1: 4 1 POW The POW is in the basement 1 enemy is on the upper catwalk. Shooting the Kidnapper causes a single reinforcement to appear. | A2: 3E 2 POWs | A3: 3E 1 POW Shooting the Kidnapper causes 1 reinforcement to appear.

Head to the Control Tower
The enemy is already on high alert, wear the battle dress, bring healing items, an assault rifle and the Mosin Nagant.

Peace Walker Battle 2

Peace Walker Battle 3

Zadornov Search Mission
A1: 1E | A2E: 4E | A3: 2E Design Spec | A4: 1E | A5: 2E | A6: 4E Zadornov can spawn in multiple locations including in the southern building in Rio del Jade or up in a tower by the boathouse.  Otherwise he is in Bananal Fruta de Oro: Sorting Shed either in the side room in the factory or in a building to the left of the exit to the farm. If he is not there you may find a POW.

Zadornov Search Mission 2
A1: 4E | A2: 3E Design Spec. Zadornov may be lying on the ground in the far east or right in the center of the level behind a log Bosque de Alba. Walk to the end of the upper hallway and you should spot him lying prostrate in Puerto del Alba.

Zadornov Search Mission 3
A1: 3E | A2: 3E | A3: 1 POW on the eastern side. | A4:  Be sure to equip NVG, you'll need them. A1: Just up ahead prone in the bushes to your left. Not too far ahead there in another enemy prone in the bushes on the right behind a tree and just feet from him another crouched behind a tree on the left. | Down the incline there is an enemy hiding beside the tree. Climb onto the platform and you should see an enemy across from you on the left side prone. Look to the right of him at the base of the large tree for another prone enemy.